Update handpose estimation model from MediaPipe (2023feb) (#133)
opencv/opencv_zoo: tools/quantize/README.md

## Dataset
Some models are quantized with extra datasets.

> - [MP-PalmDet](../../models/palm_detection_mediapipe) and [MP-HandPose](../../models/handpose_estimation_mediapipe) int8 model quantized with evaluation set of [FreiHAND](https://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/resources/datasets/FreihandDataset.en.html). The dataset downloaded from [link](https://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/data/freihand/FreiHAND_pub_v2_eval.zip). Unpack it and path to `FreiHAND_pub_v2_eval/evaluation/rgb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MP-PalmDet](../../models/palm_detection_mediapipe) and [MP-HandPose](../../models/handpose_estimation_mediapipe) are quantized with evaluation set of [FreiHAND](https://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/resources/datasets/FreihandDataset.en.html). Download the dataset from [this link](https://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/data/freihand/FreiHAND_pub_v2_eval.zip). Unpack it and replace `path/to/dataset` with the path to `FreiHAND_pub_v2_eval/evaluation/rgb`.
```
